EG-4014 EG-3934 Added notary serviceLegalName info + ops guide updates (#260)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-enterprise/4.6/operations/deployment/corda-configuration-file.md

The resulting value of `jarDirs` will be `["./newdir1"]`.

> * You can't override a populated list with an empty list. For example, when `devMode=false`, `cordappSignerKeyFingerprintBlacklist` is pre-populated with Corda development keys. It isn't possible to set this to an empty list via the commandline. You can however override the list with an all zero hash which will remove the keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can't override a populated list with an empty list. For example, when `devMode=false`, `cordappSignerKeyFingerprintBlacklist` is pre-populated with Corda development keys. It isn't possible to set this to an empty list via the command line. You can however override the list with an all zero hash which will remove the keys:
```
